Fixes #7133 - Updates Out-String (#7150)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-String.md

### -Stream

> By default, the strings for each object are accumulated and sent as a single string. The **Stream**
> parameter indicates that the cmdlet sends a separate string for each item of an input object. The
> exception is when the item is a multiline string. In that case, the multiline string is output as a
> single object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when multiple objects are passed to `Out-String` the strings for
each object are accumulated and sent as a single multiline string. 

When the **Stream** parameter is used, the cmdlet outputs a separate string for
each input object. 
```
